AdsPro (https://adsproindia.com) is a lead-quality feedback tool for advertisers
running Meta Lead Ads. It sends lead-outcome events (Contacted, Qualified,
Disqualified, Scheduled, No-show, Purchased) back to the advertiser's own dataset
through the Conversions API, so Meta can optimise delivery toward leads that
actually convert (Conversion Leads), not just form submissions.

ads_management is used for exactly two things:

1. READ - list the ad accounts and datasets the signed-in user already has access
   to, so they can choose which one AdsPro should send events to.
2. WRITE - limited strictly to the Conversions API events endpoint for the dataset
   the user selected.

AdsPro never creates, edits, pauses or deletes campaigns, ad sets, ads or
creatives, and never spends budget.

TEST LOGIN
URL:      https://adsproindia.com/auth
Email:    review@adsproindia.com
Password: 88888888

STEPS TO REPRODUCE

1.  Sign in at https://adsproindia.com/auth with the credentials above.
    You land on the Dashboard, which shows a "Connect Meta" card.

2.  In the field labelled "Workspace name (e.g. Acme Solar)", type any name -
    for example "Reviewer Test". This field is required.

3.  Click the "Connect Meta" button. Authorise with a Facebook account that has
    an ad account and a Page. You are returned to AdsPro.

4.  Choose the ad account and dataset AdsPro should send events to. If you are
    not taken there automatically, click "Integration" in the left sidebar and
    then "Choose ad account & dataset". Select one ad account and one dataset
    and save. This is the only place AdsPro reads ad-account data.

5.  Click "Leads" in the left sidebar. Pick any lead and choose "Qualified" in
    the "Set status" column.

6.  A background dispatcher runs every two minutes and sends a Lead_Qualified
    server event to the dataset selected in step 4, via the Conversions API.

7.  Click "Deliveries" in the left sidebar. The new row shows the Meta event
    name, HTTP 200, and Meta's verbatim response body, for example:
    {"messages":[],"fbtrace_id":"AEAz8UKkZ52gGoEgIAlCkmZ","events_received":1}
    "events_received": 1 confirms Meta accepted the event.

TO SEE IT IMMEDIATELY instead of waiting two minutes: on the Integration page use
"Send test event". It runs the real delivery path. You may paste a Test Event Code
from Events Manager -> your dataset -> Test Events, and the event will appear
there rather than affecting optimisation.

TO REVOKE ACCESS: Settings -> Meta connection -> "Disconnect Meta". AdsPro
unsubscribes the Page, calls DELETE /me/permissions to revoke every granted
permission on Meta's side, and erases the stored access token, ad account,
dataset and Page.
